[MIT-1845] Add FLAG_SECURE (#279)
omise/omise-android: README.md

-keep class com.nimbusds.jose.** { *; }
```

## Protecting screenshot and screen recording

> By default, **Omise Android SDK** protects the screen from being screenshot and screen recording, if you want to disable this feature you can pass this `OmiseActivity.EXTRA_IS_SECURE` extra data to `false` when starting these activities `CreditCardActivity`, `PaymentCreatorActivity`, and `AuthorizingPaymentActivity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Omise Android SDK** comes with built-in protection against screenshoot and screen recording. If you wish to disable this feature, you can pass `OmiseActivity.EXTRA_IS_SECURE` with a value of `false` when starting the following activities: `CreditCardActivity`, `PaymentCreatorActivity`, and `AuthorizingPaymentActivity`.
```
